Add `fail-on-cache-miss` option (#1036)
actions/cache: restore/README.md

### Exit workflow on cache miss

> You can use `fail-on-cache-miss: true` to exit the workflow on a cache miss. This way you can restrict your workflow to only initiate the build when a cache with the exact key is found. Make sure to leave `restore-keys` empty!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `fail-on-cache-miss: true` to exit the workflow on a cache miss. This way you can restrict your workflow to only initiate the build when a cache is matched. Also, if you want to fail if cache did not match primary key, additionally leave `restore-keys` empty!
```
